website/integrations: Wallos: cleanup (#23276)
goauthentik/authentik: website/integrations/miscellaneous/wallos/index.mdx

2. Scroll to the **OIDC settings** section and enable OIDC/OAuth.
3. Configure the following settings:
    - **Provider Name**: `authentik`
    - **Client ID**: enter the Client ID from authentik.
    - **Client Secret**: enter the Client Secret from authentik.
    - **Auth URL**: `https://authentik.company/application/o/authorize/`
    - **Token URL**: `https://authentik.company/application/o/token/`
    - **User Info URL**: `https://authentik.company/application/o/userinfo/`
    - **Redirect URL**: `https://wallos.company/index.php`
    - **User Identifier Field**: `sub`
    - **Scopes**: `openid email profile`

Wallos can create users automatically when they sign in with OIDC. If you want Wallos to create accounts for users who do not already exist, enable **Create User Automatically**.

4. Click **Save**.

## Configuration verification

> To confirm that authentik is correctly integrated with Wallos, log out, open Wallos, and click **Log in with authentik**. You should be redirected to authentik, and after successful authentication, returned to Wallos.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To verify that authentik is integrated correctly with Wallos, log out and then click **Log in with authentik** on the Wallos sign-in page. You should be redirected to authentik, and after successful authentication, returned to Wallos.
```
